Fix `method-id` documentation (#165)
uphold/docs: _authentication.md

----------- | -------- | -----------------------------------------
description | yes      | A human-readable description of this PAT.

> <aside class="notice">Requires the <code>OTP-Method-Id</code> header to be sent with the id of a verified authentication method that belongs to the user.</aside>

Reviewer: A few minor suggestions:

```suggestion
<aside class="notice">Requires the <code>OTP-Method-Id</code> header to be sent specifying the ID of a verified authentication method associated with the user.</aside>
```

> <aside class="notice">Requires the <code>OTP-Token</code> header to be sent with a valid TOTP token, belonging to the authentication method specified in <code>OTP-Method-Id</code>.</aside>

Reviewer: Here too I'm not sure the "belonging" wording works. Would "generated with" work better?
